Rewrite PCA (#180)
chhoumann/thesis-chemcam: report_thesis/src/sections/background/preprocessing/pca.tex

\subsubsection{Principal Component Analysis (PCA)}\label{subsec:pca}
\gls{pca} is a dimensionality reduction technique used to reduce the number of features in a dataset while retaining as much information as possible.

> We provide an intuitive explanation of \gls{pca} in this section based on \citet{dataminingConcepts} and \citet{Vasques2024}.

Reviewer: Subjective? We've been asked to calm down with the adjectives a few times lol
```suggestion
We provide an explanation of \gls{pca} in this section based on \citet{dataminingConcepts} and \citet{Vasques2024}.
```

> We provide an intuitive explanation of \gls{pca} in this section based on \citet{dataminingConcepts} and \citet{Vasques2024}.

Author: ```suggestion
We provide an overview of \gls{pca} in this section based on \citet{dataminingConcepts} and \citet{Vasques2024}.
```
